[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JIMMY CHURCH: Hey, everyone.
I'm Jimmy Church.
You may know me from Into
the Vortex here on Gaia,
and today I'm honored
to be stepping
in for George Noory for this
episode of Beyond Belief.
Now, unless you've been
living under a rock in the UFO
community, you've
definitely heard about this.
It's everywhere.
It's viral, and it's
sparking debate.
Today, you're going to see
it up close and personal.
Now, of course, I'm talking
about the Buga sphere.
That's right.
We have the one and only
Jaime Maussan with us,
and he's bringing the
Buga sphere right here
to Beyond Belief.
Welcome, Jaime.
>>JAIME MAUSSAN: Hello, Jimmy.
How are you?
>>CHURCH: I am fantastic.
And look at that.
The Buga sphere is sitting
there right with you.
We have another guest
on the show today.
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, it's amazing.
What we have found
inside this sphere
is out of the mind, my friend.
It's really high technology.
And important thing,
Jimmy, is this object
for the first time is in
the hands of civilians,
because normally,
this kind of things
end up in the hands of the
governments, of the military.
And this time, it's
with us, and now we
have the chance to investigate.
>>CHURCH: The sphere itself was
first seen flying over Buga back
on March 2nd in 2025 this year.
Now, let's take a
look at that footage.
And Jaime, give
us the background
and tell me what
we're looking at.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, of course,
there were two videos.
The first one was recorded
by Maria, a girl, 24,
that is married
to a military man,
and she lives in Alto
Bonito, the place where
this sphere was observed.
In the video, you can see how
the sphere goes up and down.
It seems like if the sphere
wanted to land, was falling,
but finally, the sphere
left and then went
to the other side of the hill.
And in that side
was Mr. José, and he
wants to keep the name,
until now, private.
And he was looking for treasures
with an electromagnetic machine.
And then he says that the sphere
came very close to his head,
that if the sphere had hit
his head, he would be dead.
Then he saw it leaving
and then came back.
And then they decided,
because there were two people,
they decided to
record the sphere,
and they recorded
for eight minutes
very long time for a fake video.
This had to be real.
As a matter of fact, we
investigated both videos,
Maria's video and José's video,
and both of them are real.
They don't have any AI,
any kind of fakery there.
And then we know that the sphere
was really flying or levitating,
and finally came down.
And at that moment,
José ran for the sphere,
took it with both
hands, and then he
realized that it was not heavy.
And then he took it with
one hand, and he left.
He put the sphere on
the ground, and now we
know that all that area got
dry, is now very, very dead.
There is no vegetation.
He left the sphere for an hour.
And in that place, something
happened, something wrong
or something dangerous.
But something inside the
sphere made the field dry.
And that's what we know.
And the other thing
that was important,
that the sphere weighted
two kilos at the beginning,
and through the days, the
sphere went up to six kilos,
to nine kilos, and
now, weighs 10 kilos.
And probably, it's
because the sphere
has been losing the energy that
helped the sphere to levitate.
And that is why it's heavier
than when it came down to earth.
The reason it came
down to earth is
because it hit a cable,
high voltage cable.
And we can see a
little hole in the back
where the sphere
touched the cable
and received a big discharge.
And probably because of
that, it didn't function well
until it came down.
That's more or less the long
story short of this sphere,
why, for the first time, it's
in the hands of civilians.
>>CHURCH: So, Jaime, if
I'm understanding you,
the sphere was flying, and
then hit the power lines,
and then fell.
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, 10,000
volts, we think.
>>CHURCH: So did the power
cables, the high power tension
lines, did that interfere
with its flight?
>>MAUSSAN: That's what we think.
That's the only
reason we understand
that the sphere really
stopped flying or levitating.
Something happened inside
and didn't work well.
And then finally, it
was losing, probably,
energy until it came down
just in front of the witness--
that's something very
important-- less than, what,
50 yards away.
And then he was able to
run and catch the sphere.
And he took it home, and he
got sick for a couple of days
because the sphere had this
energy, probably isotopes
or something like that,
because it didn't have any--
how can I say-- like an
atomic bomb or something.
And that is why he
was able to keep it.
But at the same time, he
had to go to the doctor
because he got very sick.
>>CHURCH: How did
you get the sphere?
It was found in Colombia.
But how did you get it?
And then how did you
get it out of Colombia?
And of course, the
question is, why
didn't the Colombian
government stop you?
>>MAUSSAN: Because they
didn't know this happened.
They didn't know this sphere
came down for the first thing,
and they didn't
know it was probably
extraterrestrial or something.
They didn't know.
The thing is this.
After this man, José,
found the sphere,
he delivered it to David
Velez el Potro, a singer
and a businessman
of Cali, Colombia.
He was the owner of
this company that
produces electromagnetic
equipment
to look for treasure,
coins, and things like that.
And because of that, Mr.
José gave the sphere to David
because he didn't know
what to do with it,
and he didn't want it
because he was getting
sick by having the sphere.
Then David sent people with
electric special suits.
>>CHURCH: Hazmat?
>>MAUSSAN: No, these suits to
protect yourself from any--
>>CHURCH: Radiation?
>>MAUSSAN: Radiation.
But they didn't
find any radiation.
They kept the sphere in a
special place for 40 days
until they realized that
it was not dangerous.
Then they started to
investigate the sphere.
And around the 26th of March,
they opened the investigation.
They published the videos.
They were able to get the second
video from Maria and the video
from José, and they
published them in YouTube,
and then people
got really excited.
And they wanted--
Germany, the Germany company--
that's the name of it--
to investigate the sphere.
But Germany didn't know
what to do with it.
Then they wanted to
keep it in a museum,
but people were not
happy about that.
And all the people in Buga and
Cali asked for something else.
At that moment, I got
in touch with them
and I told them, if
you want to tell them
that you gave me the
sphere, and that way, they
won't bother you anymore.
And they did that.
And incredibly, the
people responded so well.
Everybody told Germany
and David Velez,
oh, that's a very good idea.
It's very good you
gave it to Jaime.
It's in very good
hands, and so on.
And then the company
and David decided
that the best thing to do was to
give me the sphere because they
felt in danger.
They felt that with time,
people would get very dangerous
in Colombia and probably
would do something else
to get the sphere from them.
And they thought that
the best thing to do
was to give me the sphere and
take it out of Colombia, out
of their hands.
And that's what they did.
How did I take it out?
In a small suitcase.
I put it there and I
took it through customs.
They saw it, and what is this?
And I say, oh, it's
a handcrafted sphere.
I didn't tell them that
this sphere was flying
and was recorded.
Then they said, oh, you
cannot take it into the plane.
Probably, you can
take it down the plane
in the cabin in the back,
in the storage place.
And I did that.
I was afraid that I was going
to lose it, but I didn't.
And when I arrived in Mexico,
I took it through customs
like nothing.
And they said, what is that?
I said, a sphere.
It's an artesanía.
And then they said, OK,
go ahead, and that's it,
and I have it.
That's the story.
It's very simple the
way I did it through,
because I didn't make--
I didn't put too much
grandiosity, or I didn't do it.
I made it as simple as
possible, and that's
the way I was able to get it
through costumes into Mexico.
>>CHURCH: So no drama.
>>MAUSSAN: You think
they know what is this?
They don't know what is this.
They looked at it and
I said it's artesanía.
Well, OK.
It's artesanía.
Doesn't have anything inside.
They couldn't find
drugs inside, and they
look for drugs and guns.
There is not a gun inside.
There is no drugs inside.
There is no reason.
Why would they stop me?
If I say, oh, this is something
that was flying in the sky,
they couldn't stop me.
Why?
There is no laws to stop
you from doing that.
>>CHURCH: What kind of
testing has been done?
>>MAUSSAN: All kinds of testing.
We took it to the--
first thing, we make X-rays,
and we found that the sphere,
it doesn't have
any-- how you say?
A joint.
It's two hemispheres,
but it's like this.
We don't know how they
did it because there
is nothing that is joining
both parts at the same time.
It's incredible.
All the experts who have seen
that this is unknown technology.
That's the first thing.
We saw that the sphere
was made of aluminum
and also a lot of silicium.
After we made the
X-rays where we
found that the sphere
had something inside,
we took it to make tomographies.
You have the images, and you
can see an object inside,
a dispositive, we call
it, that's something
that we think that
moves there and creates
the electromagnetic energy.
And that's why this
can somehow fly,
because it annihilates
the gravity,
and that's how it flies.
Then we took it to the
University in Mexico,
and they found the
most important thing
is that there are many holes.
All these holes
have fiber optics,
all kinds of sizes, some of
them as thin, like a hair, some
of them thicker.
And we now know they are used
to see everything around us.
This is a big sensor.
They can see everything.
They can see through
ultraviolet, probably infrared.
They can see side view.
They can see your cells.
They can see everything.
And besides that, they
have all these copper dots.
And we think that
this is the antenna,
and they are able to
broadcast from the fiber
optics to the antenna, and
from there to somewhere else.
And there is also
these moons here.
And the inside of these
moons is a different kind
of aluminum than here.
It's a different alloy.
We don't know why.
Also, we found that
this looks like a chip.
They couldn't find
what is made of.
Probably, it's an
alloy that is unknown.
We don't know for
sure what it is.
There are these letters,
this message here.
We don't know what it is.
We are trying to find out.
But something very
interesting is
that the sphere is very rustic.
It was made with a
very old technique
to make the aluminum,
to make the sphere.
It's a technique that
was used 5,000 years ago.
Arena húmeda, like a wet sand.
It's a very old way to do it.
The question is this.
Why is this sphere so
advanced in technology,
and at the same time,
so rustic, so simple?
And the only thing we
found is that probably it
was made with the
cleanest way to do it,
something we don't
use it anymore,
but it's the cleanest way to
produce a sphere like this.
Probably these civilizations
that are very advanced
are using old technologies
because these technologies don't
hurt the Earth or
the life on Earth.
That's probably the reason they
use this technology of wet sand.
This morning, we were
able to set an agreement
with the University of Mexico
to continue the investigation.
There is so much more to find.
Next Friday, in
Gaia, we'll be here,
and we are going to have
a press conference where
we are going to present all
the scientists, the report
from the National University.
And very important
people from the Congress
of the United States are
coming to this event.
Besides, very
important investigators
of the UFO field,
and also our friend
Danny Sheehan, who
has been working
with the Congress
in the last months
to make possible these
audiences that have
been presented to the public.
>>CHURCH: Jaime, describe for me
what the X-rays have revealed.
We've got 16 spheres
on the inside.
And when we talk
about fiber optics,
as well, are these
fiber optics verified?
Are they terrestrial?
Is this something that
comes from somewhere else?
What are the 16
spheres used for?
>>MAUSSAN: Well, the
16 spheres are these.
These go inside the sphere,
not very much, but at least,
this sphere is not even an inch.
It's two centimeters thick.
The exterior of the
sphere is two centimeters.
These dots, which are
copper, go inside the sphere,
but there are no wires inside.
You don't see them.
We found the wires
for the fiber optics,
but no wires inside the sphere.
All the wires are
inside the aluminum,
and they are around this area.
And this, we think,
is the antenna.
With this, they are able
to broadcast, send orders,
or receive orders.
There are 16.
Two of them, we think that this
and this, the longest, we think
are used to direct the sphere
to have the real position
of the sphere.
And there are seven in one
side, seven in the other.
And we think this
is our hypothesis.
A lot of investigation
needs to be done.
We can be wrong.
I am not saying
that this is a fact.
As a matter of
fact, we are going
to try to use this to find
the frequencies of this sphere
to send the message to wherever,
whoever is the owner of this,
to see if we can connect,
we can have communication.
And this is absolutely
fantastic if we can do that.
It's going to be something else.
Another thing we
want to do is, we
want to make we're going to
try to put energy inside.
And probably with energy inside,
and we'll make it rotate,
the sphere can make them produce
the electromagnetic fields,
and with that
electromagnetic fields,
will be able to float again,
and probably even fly away.
Or I don't know.
I don't know what we can do.
The thing is, we
want to find out
what is this technology
for the well of the people.
We think this is
clean technology.
And I think since this is
the first time civilians
have something like this,
it's a very good chance
that we can find it
and give it to anyone
who wants to develop
this kind of technology.
>>CHURCH: Well,
some of the analysis
seems to reveal what
appears to be a Tesla tower
and some kind of
Tesla technology,
which is something that Tesla
wanted to do in the beginning,
was free distribution of power.
Is that something that
you're looking into?
And can you describe
this Tesla tower?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, it's
like a little jar, where
you see something big
around in the bottom,
and you can see a long
neck to the other side.
We think that Tesla
tower that is inside,
if we can move it, if
we can make it spin,
will create
electromagnetic energy that
will help levitate the sphere,
will create energy all around.
And with that, the gravity
will be completely neutralized,
and this will be able to fly.
You have the videos.
You have the new videos, even.
There are at least three times
these spheres have come back
to the area.
>>CHURCH: Jaime, we've had
videos of spheres outside
of passenger planes.
We've had spheres at airports
in the United Kingdom.
The videos seem to be appearing
nearly daily now on spheres.
We have them in Iraq.
We have them in wartime
scenarios, too, as well.
We have the Department of
Defense producing videos,
as well.
What does that suggest to you?
It's not just Colombia.
Are these fears visiting
us all around the world?
And is this a big
science experiment?
What's the purpose?
>>MAUSSAN: Remember,
this is a big sensor.
With this sensor, they can
find out everything about us.
Whatever they are doing, they
are getting the information.
And I think right now, because
what happened last Saturday,
June the 7th, I really think
that these spheres are coming
back to try to
communicate with us.
It's crazy for me to say
that, but it's very possible.
>>CHURCH: Is all of this a
response to the Arecibo message
from 1974, when we were asking
for communication with ET,
and we sent it out
there, and now it
seems that it's
actually happening?
>>MAUSSAN: I think that's right.
And if you remember the Arecibo
message, right in the bottom,
there is an antenna, suggesting
an antenna, their antenna.
And you know it's exactly
the same like this.
That is why we think
it's communication.
And now that we
have this, we will
try to communicate with them
through their own sphere.
But I think they are getting
closer, and closer, and closer,
because for me, they're looking
for communication with us.
And at the same time,
they are presenting
themselves closer and closer.
And also, they are
probably worried
about what is
happening on Earth,
because probably, they know
about the climate change.
Probably, they know
about all the pollution,
all the chemicals,
the apocalypse
of the insects, everything that
is happening that is terrible.
And probably, they know and
they want to register that.
They want the
information, or they
want to stop that and try
to communicate with us.
I hope they want to
communicate with us.
Probably in that effort,
they lost this sphere,
but now we can probably use it
to communicate back with them.
>>CHURCH: It's
covered in symbols,
what appear to be hieroglyphics,
a language of some kind.
It almost looks ancient.
What are these
symbols telling us?
And is that part of the message?
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, it is.
And we're trying to find
out, and we don't know yet.
I know many people around the
world are trying to find out.
Probably, one of them
will be able to find
the key, the code,
the Rosetta Stone
to be able to understand
what is there.
So far, we have not been able.
But if you see
everything here, it's
very, very rustic, very
artisanal, very handcrafted.
It was done probably with
the hands, not with machines.
And that's a real mystery if
you consider the high technology
that is inside the sphere.
>>CHURCH: What about AI?
Can't we use AI to look at
this and possibly decipher what
is written?
>>MAUSSAN: It's being used
not by me, but by many.
We are trying to find the
best in the world to do this,
and I am sure that sooner or
later, we will have an idea.
What is that?
Is that a message?
Is that an ID?
Is that instructions how
to operate the sphere?
We don't know.
There are signs from
different, how do you say,
alphabets, languages, but there
is nothing like this on Earth.
Some letters, yes.
Some symbols, yes,
but that is all.
It doesn't make sense yet.
>>CHURCH: What about a
correlation or connection
with crop circles?
>>MAUSSAN: There is one
circle, the 25th of July, 2010.
The circle was like this.
We were able to make
it three dimensional,
and it looks very, very
similar to the sphere.
This was created,
what, 15 years ago.
It's very interesting,
but that is all.
We don't have more
information than that.
>>CHURCH: Now, with the
witnesses going back
to José, and possibly
David, we had
a lot of electromagnetic
properties that were exhibited.
Something else
interesting happened
where there was a description
of water vaporizing
as soon as it
touched the sphere,
and that smoke was
also seen emitting
from the sphere in flight.
Can you go back to that and
explain what was going on?
And have you dipped
this in water?
>>MAUSSAN: Yes, I
have done it, yes.
But to get the same thing is we
need to put the energy inside.
The reason it's
not happening now
is because the sphere
is completely dead.
There is no more energy there.
That is why it's very safe.
And that is why we want to put
some energy inside the sphere
to see if we can make it
work, at least partially.
Because if we have
a fiber optics,
it's absolutely necessary
to have electricity.
And if you have
electricity, it's
because this was produced
by the same sphere.
It's I think what we know and
what we are going to try to do.
>>CHURCH: How old
do you think it is?
Is there any dating?
>>MAUSSAN: We were trying to
see if, through the plastics,
that it's--
because the fiber
optics is a polymer.
And we were trying to find
out through this polymer.
But in Mexico, we have
not found a laboratory
that can test polymers
to find the age.
Probably once international
scientists get involved in this,
we will be able to
find more about this,
but it looks very old.
If you consider everything
here, it looks very old.
But at the same time, I
tell you, it's very modern.
It's modern and old.
What is it?
Why they did it that way?
We don't know.
We don't know more
than we know yet.
>>CHURCH: You have
said, and the witnesses
have said, that the sphere
was spinning rapidly.
And was that part of its flight,
or was it something else?
Can you explain that?
>>MAUSSAN: No, we think that's
the way it produces the energy.
I think sometimes the
sphere can stand still,
and probably, they can
use the fiber optics.
And sometimes it's spinning.
I think it spins when it
needs energy and produce
their own energy, and
stand still when they
want to use the fiber optics.
With the new video that
we will talk later,
you will see the spinning,
and you will see it standing,
and you will see
that it happens.
The two possibilities are there.
This is self-sufficient in
energy, and at the same time,
it can use the energy
that produces to create
images and information.
>>CHURCH: This is a lot of data.
It's a lot of analysis.
We've got a lot of
witnesses, Jaime.
But taking the leap to
something not of this Earth that
is visiting us from out there,
is the data strong enough
for that?
>>MAUSSAN: Do you know spheres?
10 kilos that can fly?
That's the thing.
I have at least two,
four, six videos
proving that with
that kind of speed.
If somebody gives
me a better idea,
if the government has this,
why we don't know yet.
I think if the
American government has
these kind of spheres,
we would know about it
because they would be being
used in different areas
because they are sensors.
It's hypothetical, but I
don't know yet anything
similar to this in the world.
And the scientists who
have investigated this,
they have not seen
anything like this before,
fiber optics inside
a sphere like this,
and thousands of fiber optics,
all kind of different sizes.
And that's unbelievable.
And everything that
is inside, where
is the technology to do that?
And that's why I consider that
it's a very good possibility
that is not from this Earth.
>>CHURCH: Now, when you
suggest fiber optics,
is this analysis from X-rays?
Or have you seen the
fiber optics themselves?
>>MAUSSAN: I've seen
the fiber optics.
We have seen them
with microscopes.
But more than that, the
university took samples
from inside the hole, and they
found the fiber optics inside,
chemically and physically.
The scientists who did the
investigation, top of the line,
even by American standards.
This man worked in Boeing.
This man worked in England.
This is an associated professor
in many different universities,
has published more than 150
articles, scientific articles
of high quality.
It's top of the line.
And he told me, I didn't
sleep for two nights
before I told you that
we found fiber optics.
I needed to be sure.
And that's why he took samples.
And he looked through
them in a microscope
of millions of dollars.
And he was able to find,
physically, fiber optics.
Is not just that we think.
We know it has fiber optics.
I can send you the images of
the little wires of the fiber
optics inside the holes.
Every single hole
has fiber optics.
We thought that probably
one or two had it,
but now we know that almost
all of them have fiber optics.
And let me tell you something.
We are open to continue
the investigation.
We are open to receive
American scientists.
The only thing, they have
to be done in Mexico.
Why Mexico?
Because I cannot take
the chances to take,
and not to the US,
to anywhere else.
Here I have it in a safe,
in a safe from a bank.
And I have a guards with
guns around the sphere.
It's the only way
you can keep this,
because the more
time has passed,
we will have more
ambition, more people
trying to get this sphere.
We have to be very careful.
Then I cannot take
it now anywhere else.
>>CHURCH: The next
stage would be
to analyze what's
inside directly.
Would you authorize
somebody cutting this open?
>>MAUSSAN: No, no, no, no.
Anything that has to be done
has to be done from the outside
without hurting the sphere,
because if we don't have the way
to know what is inside, we
will have it in the future.
But if we cut the sphere and we
don't understand what is inside,
then we lost it.
We lost the sphere.
There is too much
risk to do that.
No.
Until as long as I
am alive, nobody's
going to cut this sphere.
>>CHURCH: You have to
get a camera in there.
We have to see what's inside.
>>MAUSSAN: Yeah, probably we can
do it through one of the holes,
probably.
There are two of the holes that
it seems that they go inside,
deep inside.
Probably through
there, we will be
able to take a camera
and look what is inside.
>>CHURCH: Now, it seems that
there are videos every day
now popping up, showing spheres
in flight, metallic spheres.
I watched another
one earlier today
that was here in
the United States.
I find it very interesting
and very compelling.
You just got a brand new video
that was shot on June 7th.
Tell us about that.
>>MAUSSAN: It's the best.
It's the best.
It was recorded
with a new camera,
and the image is
crisp, clear, perfect.
Beautiful, beautiful.
The thing is, you can see that
it's the same kind of sphere.
You can see the belt.
You can see the holes.
And I think it's a proof that
these spheres, the same kind
of sphere, can fly.
And that's very important
because people complain
that, with the
original videos, you
didn't see all these details.
Why they didn't see?
Because the cameras
were not new.
They were from 2019.
And the technology in the
cameras of the cell phones five,
six years ago, six years ago
it's not the same than now.
Now it's a very
different technology.
And now we are able
to check that video.
You will be very happy
to see every detail
from this sphere in a video.
And more than that.
You will see the sphere
playing with the people
that are recording.
The sphere goes inside
the sugar canes and hides,
and then comes back up.
And this man said, oh, like
a little kid saying boo.
[LAUGHS] Then you see
they are intelligent.
They are being moved by someone
who knows what they are doing,
or probably they
have AI, and they
are able to move by themselves.
I don't know, but
it's incredible.
It's incredible
what is happening.
>>CHURCH: With the messages that
we sent out, both with Arecibo
and SETI, we have
provided information
about us, our DNA, the
location of our planet,
how many planets are
in our star system.
We've done a lot of different
things in a simplistic way
to hopefully communicate with
ET if they did find something
from us.
And we also did it with Voyager.
Do you think that
there are messages
on this sphere telling
us who they are
and where we can find them?
>>MAUSSAN: I think the
message is right here.
When we are able
to decipher that--
and that's one.
And the other thing is to use
the antennas to communicate
with them.
What if we can do that?
What if we send a
message through here
and we receive a message
in any other way?
I am very hopeful that this
story is just the beginning.
This story can change humanity.
I'm very happy.
I'm very humbled to
have been able to get
this sphere, because probably,
if I wouldn't have done it, now,
right now, it would be lost.
I don't know.
Probably, the Colombian
government would find out
and they would take it.
Or I don't know.
Probably some criminal
that say I want this.
They were very much afraid.
David was very much afraid.
Somebody could took
it from here by force,
by threatening his
family or someone.
And that's why he said,
Jaime, it's yours.
Take it to Mexico.
And that's what I did.
And now, here, I am taking
all kind of precautions
to keep it as long as I can.
And this doesn't belong to me.
It belongs to the people.
This doesn't have an owner.
The owners are somewhere else.
But right now,
belongs to the people.
If the people, you,
the scientists,
want to help me to do
something with this sphere,
I am open to do it.
I am the keeper.
That's all I am.
>>CHURCH: This is
not a USA thing.
It's certainly not
a Colombia thing,
where there must be other
spheres out there, Jaime.
And having this technology
in civilian hands,
as you have stated,
is probably something
that most wouldn't
want to have happen.
Do you think that other
governments are in possession
of their own spheres?
>>MAUSSAN: It's very possible.
It's very possible
that these spheres--
if this sphere had an
accident, very, very possible
other spheres had
accidents before.
But normally, what people
do is, you find this,
and then you don't know what it
is, and you call the government.
And the government takes it,
and you never know what it is.
The incredible thing,
my friend, Jimmy,
is that it was
being recorded as it
landed because it didn't fall.
Landed.
And you can see the man
running, taking the sphere.
That is one in a million--
one in 10 million.
If they find this
sphere somewhere else,
and they tell me it's
extraterrestrial,
I say, no, come on.
It's handcrafted.
It's something else.
I couldn't believe it.
But when I saw the video, I
said, this is the real deal.
These people are not
faking that video.
This is very simple people.
The man who found this
sells little things
in the market Sunday in Buga.
He doesn't have a penny to
build something like this.
Come on.
And all he did was to
record it, and that's
the most incredible
video I have ever seen.
And something else.
On May 31st, my son who
lives very near the office,
on a Saturday, 31st, 1:30 PM, he
saw a sphere flying around his
house.
And the sphere came down to
the ground and looked around.
It was moving very
near this office.
Everybody says they were
looking for the sphere.
The sphere is sending signals.
They are coming.
It's probably the same happening
in El Cena and near Buga.
And now it's happening in Jumbo.
The last video is from
Jumbo in the Valle de Cauca.
It's where all these areas,
all these places are.
And all of them have been
recording these spheres
in three different places.
And that's something
amazing, I think.
In the last three
months, it's incredible.
It was taken to the
University in Mexico.
Well, it was recorded
another sphere right there.
Is this a coincidence?
Or they are looking
for the sphere?
>>CHURCH: Well, you
know the old saying.
Extraordinary claims
require extraordinary proof.
And everyone has always asked
for something like this.
Now we have an object.
We have something
that we can test,
something we can look
into, and see if we
can move this a step further.
I want to thank you, Jaime.
This is absolutely
compelling and extraordinary.
Great show.
Thank you.
>>MAUSSAN: Thank you, my friend.
>>CHURCH: I'm your
host, Jimmy Church,
sitting in for George Noory.
Thank you for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]